[C++20] [Modules] Offer -fmodules-embed-all-files option (#107194)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/StandardCPlusPlusModules.rst

results if the debugging code depends on consistent use of ``NDEBUG`` in other
translation units.

Source Files Consistency
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Clang may open the input files (*) of a BMI during the compilation. It implies that

Author: Done

when we consume a BMI, all the input files need to be present with the same path

> and the same contents.

Author: Done

To overcome the requirements and simplify cases like distributed builds and sandboxed
builds, users can use ``-fmodules-embed-all-files`` flag to embed all input files

> into the BMI so that clang won't ask to open the corresponding file on disk.

Author: Done

> Input files (*): The source files that took part in the compilation of the BMI.
> For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:sup:`*`Input files: The source files which took part in the compilation of the BMI.
For example:
```

Author: Done

and you encounter incorrect or missing diagnostics, please report them via the
`community issue tracker <https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/issues/>`_.

Privacy Issue
-------------

BMIs are not and should not be treated as an information hiding mechanism.
They should always be assumed to contain all the information that was used to

> create them, in a recoverable form.

Reviewer 2: I might expand on this a bit with something like, "While the `-fmodules_embed_all_files` flag explicitly emits the source code into the BMI file, the contents of the BMI file contain a sufficiently verbose(word choice?) representation to reproduce the original source file."

I'd like to make this warning as clear as possible: If you ship a BMI, you mind as well just ship the source code.

Author: Done by adding the suggested text to the above section about ``-fmodules-embed-all-files``. I feel it is odd to mention ``-fmodules-embed-all-files`` in the current section since it is mostly about clarifying that hiding information is not a goal for BMIs. It is true with and without ``-fmodules-embed-all-files``.
